Add installation steps for Python packages and refine pre-commit instructions (#672)
brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

---

### 📐 Formatting & Development Setup

Before committing, please make sure you have set up the development environment correctly and your code follows our formatting standards.

We use:

- [**Python**](https://www.python.org/) for various development tools and scripts
- [**dprint**](https://dprint.dev) for consistent code formatting
- [**pre-commit**](https://pre-commit.com) for checking **end-of-file** and **line endings (LF/CRLF)**

#### 🐍 Setting Up Python Environment

1. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or higher installed. You can check your Python version with:
   ```bash
   python --version
   ```

2. Install the required Python packages:
   ```bash
   python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
   This will install all the necessary Python dependencies for development.

3. (Optional) If you're working on documentation, install additional doc-related packages:
   ```bash
   python -m pip install -r requirements-docs.txt

>    ```

Reviewer: this is a valid concern. 
Most OS does not even have the `python` alias set . 
They now only recognise `python3` . 
Its better to remind them atleast about `venv` or python virtual env

---

### 📐 Formatting & Development Setup

Before committing, please make sure you have set up the development environment correctly and your code follows our formatting standards.

We use:

- [**Python**](https://www.python.org/) for various development tools and scripts
- [**dprint**](https://dprint.dev) for consistent code formatting
- [**pre-commit**](https://pre-commit.com) for checking **end-of-file** and **line endings (LF/CRLF)**

#### 🐍 Setting Up Python Environment

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or higher installed. You can check your Python version with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have Python 3.13 installed. You can check your Python version with:
```
